Finally, a nice, big haunted
house for us to investigate.
When the entity can --
runs down the hall,
Sometimes it hissing at you.
What we just heard was like --
I have to get out.
She's a human spirit.
She's suffering.
Are you going after
my best friend?
It's upstairs!
Now!
It's up here now!
From here on out,
we all stay together.
They are the spirit hunters.
I feel something
behind me.
They are who people call
when they are tormented
By entities that circle back
night after night,
Entities bent on destroying
the lives of the living.
- Ho!
- Does this look like
The night
that you were murdered?
These spirits are often trapped,
Repeating the same trauma
Over and over.
The mission
of the spirit hunters
Is to help the living
by breaking the cycle of...
The ghost loop.
The spirit hunters are in
prairie du rocher, illinois --
A tiny village of only
650 people
46 miles south of st. Louis.
They are meeting
connie and susie,
The owner and manager of the
town's only bed and breakfast.
It's pretty well
every day
There's going to be
some type of incident.
I felt like there
was somebody
Looking over my shoulder.
I mean the chill
would go up me,
The hair would stand up
on the back of my neck,
And the attic
door would open.
It's gotten known that,
you know, we're haunted.
It has
taken business away.
People are afraid to come.
This area is beautiful.
I don't see
a lot of people out,
But I see
a lot of houses.
It feels so empty.
Looks abandoned.
There it is, guys.
There it is.
Look at that attic
up there.
Well, that's creepy.
Finally, a nice, big haunted
house for us to investigate.
The team hopes to break
the ghost loop
And save the business
from bankruptcy.
But sean and kris
want to hear
Susie and connie's story
firsthand.
Well, I purchased it
beginning of last year.
I walked
into the back door
And there was just --
It sounded like someone
was bowling upstairs.
I mean there was doors
being slammed.
Like something was upset.
Sounds really stressful.
So, you buy
this bed and breakfast
And then you find out
that it's haunted...
Right.
...And there's things
that are going on here.
Right, right.
It's very evident
that the woman --
We've named her
the woman in white --
Is...
...I guess
caught in a loop.
So the ghost loop
of activity
That you're experiencing
throughout the house,
Where does it go,
where does it end?
She starts in
the new orleans room,
Kind of walks down
the hall...
...And then she ascends
into the attic.
Sometimes I'll be upstairs,
and I can just feel
Something go by me
really quick
And almost brush
through your hair.
But when you turn
and look again,
Of course
there's no one there.
I mean, it just
sends chills down me.
I've also been sitting
in there and heard a growl.
Yes, which makes my skin crawl
even more.
- I can do without that.
- Right. I don't blame you.
It seems like
it's very aggressive
And it is trying
to make itself known.
In your opinion,
Who do you think
this lady is?
The original owner's name
is constance,
Which just happens
to be my name.
Wow.
Yeah.
Conner house was built
by constance conner in 1906.
Constance famously had
the town divert its main street
To accommodate her new home
And force travelers
to go by the family business.
This strong-willed woman
lived in the house
For the rest of her life,
Dying in her own bed in 1939.
Once constance conner
passed away,
There was a woman
and her son
Who had the house
for the next 25, 30 years,
And it was
a boarding house.
Boarding houses operated
as places
Where people could find
cheap accommodation
During the mid 19th century
to the 1930s.
The housing boom in the 1950s
Made boarding house obsolete,
And some became places
where the unwanted,
Such as the mentally ill,
Were hidden away from society.
There was a woman
that contacted me
And said that
she stayed here
And the room
that is now the bathroom,
It wasn't a bathroom
at that time.
It was a bedroom.
And no one was allowed
in that room.
The room was kept for
undesirables
Like an unwed mother
Or someone that had
a mental illness.
Now a ghost loop begins
in the undesirable room
And races through the house
to the attic.
The activity
is driving business away.
When people call now, they'll
give me the reservation --
They may even give me
the credit card --
And all of a sudden
they're like,
"wait a second, is this
the property that's haunted?
Well, you know, aunt marge
is not gonna stay there.
Right. Wow.
That's right.
This is not gonna happen,"
you know.
If this doesn't work,
I'm not sure exactly
what we're gonna do.
I have visions before we go
to some locations
And this vision
was of a woman,
And she was staring
at a picture of herself.
It was framed, and she was
punching it until it cracked,
And she had, like,
dark hair.
I'm not sure
If that has something to do
with the property,
But, you know, I'm definitely
taking note to it
Considering
what happens here.
Did you see the picture
That's hanging
in the house?
No.
Inside the parlor
is a picture connie found
When she bought
the house and now displays.
Well, that looks like the
woman that I saw my my vision.
Dark hair,
white complexion.
Yeah.
Did you see the light
just flicker?
Yeah.
As we're talking
about the lady in white.
Let's go this way.
She usually walks
from this room
And paces up and down
the hall.
And then that's why we think
the door is always open.
- Wow.
- We close it, it opens.
It's always opening?
It's always opening,
yeah.
we have
stood here and watched it open.
Wow.
It's really impressive
up here -- thick.
My god.
Like, oof --
I'm, like, super anxious.
Yeah, it's like
a dizzy feeling.
- Wow. I'm dizzy.
- Yeah.
It's like the air's --
yeah, but I don't get --
I'm up here all the time.
I don't get dizzy.
The energy proves too much
for connie and susie,
And they leave
the spirit hunters
To their investigation.
- How we doing guys?
- What's up, guys?
So there is huge stakes.
They really need to have
the business come back
Into this
bed and breakfast.
And this haunting,
what they're experiencing,
Is stopping people
from staying here.
- Wow, this is huge, guys.
- Yeah.
Really feel
for these ladies.
We got to do whatever it takes
to help them.
- Let's do it.
- Let's go.
Before they begin, sean
lets the rest of the team in
On a clue that might help with
the rest of the investigation.
When I told you guys
about that vision
I had about the woman
hidden in the picture.
Well, they said that there's
a picture in the house
They believe
is the lady in white,
And they actually showed me
the picture right over here,
And it looks exactly
like the woman.
- My god, dude.
- No, no, no, no.
No, no-no-no-no, no.
- Holy ****.
That's the girl
from your dream?
Yeah.
Why don't you guys
start up in the attic...
M'kay.
...And definitely
be careful
Because it is
oppressive up there.
Okay.
All of us were
affected by it.
I mean, even eric being in this
house for a short time,
Look at him.
He's looking pale now.
Yeah, I'm not really
feeling that good.
You look a little off.
We all --
And even the homeowner.
Yeah.
She actually
was giving us a tour
When we actually went up
in the attic.
She's like, "I've never
felt this way,"
And she felt queasy.
We were all sitting there --
Like our equilibrium
was off.
- That's exactly how I feel.
- Highly, highly active property.
There's a lot to cover.
Just be careful
and mindful
Of your emotions
and how you're feeling
Because whatever
is upstairs
Was tapping into
not just our energy
But also
connie's energy, too.
Yeah.
While sean, eric, and kris
start in the new orleans suite
The onset of the ghost loop,
Matt and califf
go to where it ends --
The attic.
- Alright, brother, let's go.
- Alright.
A lot of space.
H- holy ****.
It's very unwelcoming.
Like why am I
out of breath, you know?
Take a second.
Breathe. Breathe.
It's heavy.
Now focus.
Let's see if there's
an actual reason
For any of this
to be happening.
Okay.
Let's do it.
Okay?
Yeah.
I don't know, man.
I just feel like
we're being watched.
Alright, well, I'm gonna start
the spirit box.
who's here
with us right now?
Tell us your name.
That was a lady.
That was a woman.
what's your name?
Please.
Do you need our help?
Is there anything
evil here?
If so, come through
this box right now.
Show yourself.
What is your name?
Conner.
Conner!
The spirit hunters are in
prairie du rocher, illinois,
Investigating a ghost loop
That is having
a devastating effect
On this bed and breakfast.
It's gotten known
that there's --
You know, we're haunted.
This is definitely
a reoccurring thing.
It has taken
business away.
Yeah.
People are afraid
to come.
The building began
as the home of constance conner,
Who is rumored
to still haunt its halls.
what is your name?
Conner.
Conner!
But it was also once
a boarding house
That, in its years of decline,
had one room
For what locals
called "undesirables,"
People who were forcibly kept
from society.
From what I understand,
That means unwed mother
Or someone that had
a mental illness.
Eric, sean, and kris
are investigating that room,
Which is also where the ghost
loop starts every night.
Let's shut off some lights and
make it a little darker in here.
So, you want to start
with the portable gateway?
Yeah, let's start
with the portable gateway.
see who's here with us.
You feel anything.
Kind of feeling
the lady's energy.
Let's give her a chance
to speak to us.
You don't have
to be afraid of us!
We ask that the lady in white
come forward...
...And speak through the device
that sean is holding.
Were you held captive
in this room?
What happened in this room?
Do not leave?
Do not leave.
Wow!
Do you need our help?
Can we help you?
Are you trapped here still?
Why did they imprison
you up here?
I don't like that.
What is your name?
Anne.
Anna's here.
Now we know her name.
Anna?
She wants help.
I mean, she's making
her presence known.
who's here
with us right now?
What is your name?
Conner.
Conner!
My god.
It was a female voice, too!
Holy.
That was clear as day.
Are we speaking
with constance conner?
Yeah.
It just said hi!
Hi, constance.
- Hi.
Holy!
- Constance.
- Talk to her!
Constance,
we're here to help you.
I almost want to...
I almost want to sit
at that table.
Constance,
are you still with us?
Constance.
Can you come here
and sit down with us, please?
Suddenly constance goes quiet
And another voice takes over.
We're not talking to you.
That male voice
coming through
Doesn't sound nice.
Constance, are you there?
Constance,
my name is matt.
What did they do to you
when you were alive?
Knife?
From a male voice.
Who are you?!
I'm talking to the man
that's here.
Who are you?
We're right here.
I'm talking to the man
that's in this house.
Let's go.
He said, "alright."
Alright.
You tell me
when and where to be.
It just said
"warning," bro.
It's a male spirit
that just said "warning."
Is that
your warning to me?
Are you going after
my best friend?
He said yes, dude.
We're getting these voices
coming through the spirit box.
One is a female
who we do believe is constance,
And another is --
we're not sure if it's evil.
We're not exactly
sure what it is.
Are we sure that's not
a woman's voice?
Matt knows aggressive spirits
Can take on female
or male voices
To intimidate the living.
This could be a female spirit.
Meanwhile, sean and kris
go to the "undesirable" room
To draw out the spirit anna,
Who they think
was confined there.
Was this area
of the house a prison to you?
was this area
The hell was that?
That was a woman.
Who was this area of house
a prison to you?
anna.
Let's do it again,
And let's confirm the name
if we can.
Is your name anna?
Alright.
is your name anna?
Dude, does it say,
"yes, it is?"
That says, "yes, it is."
says, "yes, it is."
Yep.
Yes, it is.
Just feeling this overall
very negative energy --
Really awful things
have happened here.
During the day, it looks
very peaceful and calm.
But at night, it has
a totally different vibe to it.
I don't like this house.
I like how it makes me feel.
I don't like watching
how it makes my teammates feel.
It's a very creepy feeling
and it's a very,
"don't come here,
don't come here," vibe.
whatever's here, don't be afraid
to speak with me.
Eric.
It's calling me out.
I was a little creeped out.
I mean, this is the most
active location we've been on.
Was something trying
to drain my energy before,
'cause I really didn't
feel good in his home.
What happened to you?
I need to know what happened
to you in this room.
Help.
We're going to help you.
That's why we're here.
Rope.
Was somebody hung
in this house?
You trying to tell me
you were hung in this house?
Was someone hung in this hall?
I heard you say "rope."
Blood.
Again that spider web feeling
on the side of my face.
Wow.
That's really unsettling...
...To say the least.
Anna's dangerous.
You know, she's a human spirit.
She's suffering.
- It's upstairs!
- It's up here now!
We just **** heard it!
Holy --
At this bed and breakfast
in illinois,
Connie and susie are being
attacked by a ghost loop
They call the lady in white.
Sometimes, it hisses at you
And pushes you.
While sean and kris
discover an entity named anna
Who was locked away
from society...
...Eric finds out
what may have happened to her.
Rope.
Was somebody hung
in his house?
That's really unsettling...
...To say the least.
Dude, what happened?
Like, I don't know
what happened in this house
But a voice said "rope."
I don't know if someone
was hung in this house.
They've always thought
that someone may have been
Hung up in the attic.
We don't know if there's any
factual evidence behind that,
But that's something
to pay attention to.
I'm just really taken aback.
I didn't expect that.
Now the team
is settling in for an overnight
In the bed and breakfast
To see what connie's customers
are suffering through.
You have to get down to exactly
what's taking place here,
And this is a business.
People are staying here,
And this is when
it's happening to them,
So this is why we're here.
I am currently
in the mississippi room
Trying to get some sleep,
But I don't think
I'm gonna be able to.
Every time I shut my eyes,
I hear a tapping sound
To the left of me
near the bathroom,
And it it's like something
is trying to get my attention.
I'm so drained.
I just want to go to bed,
But I don't think
I'm gonna be able to.
As the time
for the ghost loop approaches,
Kris becomes more sensitive
To the frenetic energy
of the house.
I just can feel somebody
Pacing back and forth
like they're lost,
And it's just this
constant cycle.
Whatever is here,
whoever this lady and white is,
She's lost.
She doesn't know
what's happening.
She's not aware
that she has passed on,
And that's the issue
that we're having.
She is trapped in this loop.
There's something that is here
That is trapping her
And keeping her here.
Sean and eric sense
the changing energy, as well,
And are drawn to where
the ghost loop begins.
This is where we got
the most responses so far.
This place is a whirlwind
of energies and emotions.
Anna?
Don't be afraid
to speak with me.
I'm here to help you.
Was somebody killed here
in this house?
How were they killed?
Hung?
Hung!
Can you tell us
which room?
- The attic.
- In the attic!
- In the attic.
When?
Sean and eric rushed
to investigate in the attic
But were stopped
in the path of the ghost loop.
The **** was that?
Did you hear that?
Who did that?
Hold on.
- Did you heard it, too?
Did you hear that? Matt!
What?!
What?
- Did you hear it?
- Are you by yourself?
- Yes!
I've experienced
a lot of disembodied voices
In my time over the years.
I mean, I was the loudest
Disembodied voice
I've ever heard.
- Freaking me out.
- Dude, so we were just standing
Right there.
My god.
What?
- We were standing right here.
- Calm, calm.
We were standing right here.
We were waiting for matt.
My god.
We were gonna go up there
and do a session,
And dude.
Holy...!
My god.
- My god!
It was so loud.
- Dude, literally, it was --
My god!
We literally
just freaked the **** out.
We go upstairs and sean and eric
Are running around the house
like madmen, freaking out.
But what we just heard
was like something
Out of a horror movie.
I mean, no words are coming out
of their faces that make sense.
It just --
that went for like a good --
So eric and I make our way
up to the attic.
And literally it was --
It was just like that.
And...Like...
I hear the sound.
We just **** heard it!
- It's upstairs!
- Go, go, go, go, go!
- Are you serious?!
- Grab that.
Holy --
Customers are staying away
from this bed and breakfast
Because of a ghost loop.
The spirit hunters are
investigating overnight
To see what evidence
they can collect...
Can you tell
us which room?
- The attic.
- In the attic!
...But instead, find
themselves caught in the loop.
The **** was that?
Did you hear that?
Who did that?
Hold on.
- Did you heard it, too?
Did you hear that? Matt!
What?!
What?
- Did you hear it?
- Are you by yourself?
- Yes!
It was insane.
- What?
- I mean, that was the loudest
Disembodied voice
I've ever heard.
We were just standing
right there.
My god.
What?
We go upstairs and sean and eric
Are running around
the house like madmen.
Holy...!
My god.
- My god.
- My god!
It just --
that went for like a good --
Seriously?
That's how good it was.
No joke.
Dude, like, seriously.
I see a vent right above us,
so clearly I'm gonna go up there
And look to see the sound
could've come through the vent.
Sean, stand here.
So eric and I
made our way up to the attic.
My god, dude.
I know.
- Hey, sean.
- Yeah.
There's no vent opening
up here.
What you heard is legit.
That was incredible.
Straight up legit.
We stepped
into the center and then...
We just **** heard it!
- It's upstairs!
- Go, go, go, go, go!
- Are you serious?!
- Holy --
- That was -- my god, dude.
- You both heard it again?
- Dude, it just **** --
- ...My...God.
Everybody please,
let's just give it a moment.
my god...
It makes your skin crawl.
You literally want
to jump out of your own skin.
My --
Like, I hear the sound
with eric,
And we both lost it
'cause it was literally --
It felt like
the sound came through
The side of my head
in between us.
No, dude that was the
most disgusting sound
I've ever heard in my life.
This thing truly sounds
terrifying.
It's like sex.
It sounds just gross.
Welcome to that
experience, man.
This is actual, like, tracking
For what the lady in white does.
I've also been sitting
in there and heard a growl.
Yes, which makes
my skin crawl even more.
Part of her repertoire,
part of how she lets
people know she's there.
From here on out,
we all stay together
For the rest of the night,
we're together.
After a sleepless night,
Califf reaches out
to prior owners of conner house,
Steve and cheryl stiebel,
to gather more information.
So, tell me how the house
came into your life.
My interest in the house
was to save it, to preserve it.
It was in pretty sad shape
on the inside.
Yeah, water was running
down the walls.
When I was renovating,
I'd be working here by myself,
And I would notice
Somebody walk down the hall
on the second floor.
What did this person
look like?
I just seen like a shadow,
just a flash.
Well,in paranormal theory,
what happens
Is when you renovate a place
and you take away
The look that the spirit
is used to,
It actually rouses up activity
And brings about more activity
in a more...
Malevolent manner
Because they're now in a place
they're not familiar with.
Connie and susie also
did renovations to the home,
Which could explain why
the activity has increased
To manifest into a ghost loop.
Do you believe
this place is haunted?
- Yes. Yes.
- Yes.
Based on our experiences.
Based on our experience,
it's haunted.
There is also evidence
that those who were considered
Undesirable members of society
were confined there
During the home's time
as a boarding house.
The room that is now
the en suite for the
new orleans room
Was kept for undesirables.
An unwed mother
Or someone that had
a mental illness.
Following this lead, califf
meets with counselor karen lundy
To see how undesirables
were treated.
Nowadays, it's a lot easier
to talk about.
It's a lot more mainstream
to discuss
Mental health
and those things.
In the '50s,
was it that way?
I would say there was still
a faction of people
That were afraid
of the mentally ill.
In the 1950s,
an unwed pregnant mother,
Would that be somebody
that would fall
In the realm
of undesirable?
I think in the eyes of many,
it would've been.
That was shameful
behavior.
If the entity known as anna
was considered an undesirable,
She may have been kept away
from the other boarders.
Even in the 1950s,
Unwed mothers were seen
as a detriment to society.
They were often put in
similar situations
As those who were considered
mentally ill...
Let me go.
...In conditions that
by today's standards
Could only be described
as torturous.
They were still practicing
Some questionable types
of therapy
Such as bed restraints,
Straitjackets,
electroshock therapy,
Things that weren't
necessarily helpful
Or working for people.
These treatments
could've been adopted
To keep anna under control,
Treatments that were
terrible enough
To push the sane into madness.
The team sits down
to figure out the game plan.
There's certainly a lot
that's happened here,
I think more so than initially
what we thought
Before we arrived here
in illinois.
There's actually
another name at play
That we came up with.
Anna is the woman considered
an undesirable
Who was locked away.
Is your name anna?
And I got a female saying,
"I was imprisoned."
Is this the room
they locked you in?
- What the --
- it was here.
The big thing only discusses
how mental health was treated
And looked at
in the 1950s-kind of era
For what we're dealing with.
You're gone.
You are locked away.
You are shunned.
Quarantined.
Yeah.
Anna very well could've suffered
from mental illness
Or was just an unwed mother
who went crazy
Because of how she was treated.
This was a boarding house,
and this is where
A lot of these "undesirables"
were pushed
And forced to be suffering
In all sorts of mental,
psychological,
And emotional situations
that they had no control over.
Who do you think anna is?
I think anna
is the lady in white.
Every single experience
that we have had,
Where does it lead to?
The attic.
The lady in white escaped
from her room
And ran to the attic
to kill herself.
Absolutely, and that's
obviously why we all thought
We have to build this trigger
environment in the attic,
Whatever is necessary
that we have to do as a team
To build
these trigger environments
To help the families
we get involved with.
And most importantly,
I think that we need to help
This lady in white, anna,
to find peace.
It's gonna be the most elaborate
trigger environment to date.
For this trigger
environment,
I'm going to transform the attic
Into one of
the undesirable rooms
Anna was kept in.
I got straight jackets
and bed restraints
From anna's day.
I got a wheelchair
she could've been bound to.
It breaks my heart
To know that a young woman
Lives her life like this.
Anna is there somebody here
hat's trapping you?
Get me out.
My god, dude!
- Holy --
- where's the knife?
The spirit hunters have
discovered the ghost loop
Threatening connie, susie,
and their customers
At the bed and breakfast
Is a woman named anna.
When the bed and breakfast
was a boarding house,
Anna was confined to her room
Where she suffered
terrible abuse.
Now, eric has created
a trigger environment
Replicating the horror
anna was subjected to.
You know, it makes me sad
That this woman
was held captive here
Against her will
And in shackles, restraints.
I mean, that's a terrible way
to live.
With the cameras set,
The team takes their place
Within this
disturbing environment.
The ultimate hope
is to relate
To the woman in white...
man...
...To let her know
that we're here.
We're there during those events
that she endured
So this way we can really
have her connect with us,
Communicate with us and,
ultimately, listen to us
So we can send her into light
and find peace.
How we feeling brother?
Can't imagine being stuck
in one of these things.
I'm helpless.
I'm agitated.
I'm basically
using myself as bait.
god,
I really don't want to be
doing this right now.
You want to switch?
No.
- I honestly don't want to be
In this attic right now.
I don't want to be
shackled up to a bed,
But I have to show
this lady in white
That I understand
what she went through.
I'm putting
the phasma box on
To hear what it's trying
to say to us.
And then I'm using
the sls cam
To see
where the spirit is.
Whose bed
are you nearby, anna?
Say their name
or put one of the devices --
Turn them on.
That's going crazy.
- I'm 28?
- I'm 28.
She's 28.
-28?
I'm literally gonna be 28...
- Wow.
- ...In less than a month.
You were 28 when you died?
Is that why you were
relating to kris.
My god...
Anna and I are both 28.
She feels a connection to me,
And I also feel
a connection to her.
And I know that she's trying
to communicate with me.
Anna were you
an unwed mother?
Wow.
Can you appear
next to kris's bed
So we can see you?
Op!
It was right over kris's bed,
right over her head.
I saw the stick figure
show up right next to her bed
And it looked as if it was
reaching out for her head.
Is that how you
were shackled in bed?
- Get me out.
- It's saying, "get me out."
- wow.
Ultimate hope is to relate
to the woman in white,
To let her know that we're there
during those events
That she endured.
Eric, are you okay?
Can you appear
and confirm with us
If you had a baby?
You were pregnant.
My god, dude.
Is it my bed?
Yes.
Yep.
Anna do you feel
a connection with me
Because I'm around
the same age as you?
my god.
They just went off --
The both of them
at the same time.
My god.
Literally in sync.
We got whipped.
- We got whipped!
- We got whipped.
Where you beat, anna?
Did they beat you here?
Both of them.
These things are going off
at the same time.
Do you know many
times this has done
this? This is crazy.
Never.
I've never seen this before.
Anna, I hate to ask this.
Did you hang yourself?
there you go.
Both of them went off
at the same time.
My gosh.
She took her
own life in this attic.
This confirms
that the ghost loop
Is anna escaping
from the undesirable room
And fleeing to the attic
to commit suicide.
- Help!
- She just said help!
She just said help.
My god.
Guys, we have to help her.
Let's get you
out of the restraints.
How am I gonna
get my foot out?
I know that anna
felt the need to escape
Because all I want to do
is bolt out of there.
The emotion of the situation
Suddenly overwhelms califf.
At this point,
my mind is pretty well blank.
I can't breathe,
I can't really function...
...And I just have to get out.
I have to get out.
The spirit hunters have placed
themselves in the same situation
The ghost loop would've endured
In order to gain her trust.
I don't want to be
shackled up to a bed,
But I have to show
this lady in a white
That I understand
what she went through.
- Get me out.
It said, "get me out."
- wow.
How am I gonna get
my foot out?
Where's the knife?
After connecting with kris,
Anna's torment
hits home with califf.
At this point,
my mind is pretty well blank.
I can't breathe,
I can't really function...
...And I just have to get out.
I have to get out.
I'm okay.
Yeah, I'm okay.
I mean, we literally put
ourselves in the same positions
That they were in at that time.
I don't really have words, but
it hit a chord in me emotionally
Because, you know, I've lost
people that I love to suicide.
But, I mean, at the end
of the day, we all do
What we have to do
to get things done.
As califf rejoins the team,
Sean and kris begin
to cross the spirit over.
Anna, are you with us?
I'm here.
Anna, you shouldn't
be here.
You died too soon.
We acknowledge that.
We understand
what happened to you.
It is time to let go.
Whatever you went through
in life
You have to let go of it.
Said, "return."
- "return?"
Good.
- Return home!
You're spiritual being of light
That needs to return
to the light.
Anna, do you see
the light?
You didn't deserve
to die when you did.
You don't belong here
anymore.
I ask you, archangel michael,
To bring forth the white light
of the holy ghost
And let anna find the true peace
she deserves.
We understand
what you went through.
I laid in that bed.
You have to find the light.
I know that you can see it.
Safer!
- Safer.
It did say,
"the light -- safer."
That's what it said.
The light -- safer.
Will you return to the light?
Anna, please.
You have to go.
- Thanks.
Thanks. Female said thanks.
Thanks. She said thanks.
Wow.
Dude, it literally said,
"the light -- safer."
Doesn't feel
like that threatening voice
That we've caught
this whole time.
No.
And it got so quiet.
- Yeah.
- Are you good?
I'm good.
You, like, have a glowing aura
around you.
Like, you were almost...
Her, you know.
Like, I can cry
but not because I'm sad --
Because I'm just so happy.
- It's a good feeling.
I mean, she was trapped here
for a long time and...
I mean, she's gone.
This is the most
emotional crossing over
I've ever been a part of.
Good work.
Let's bless this place.
- Yeah.
It was beautiful.
That commands you
and all spirits of any kind
To harmlessly depart.
That was...An experience
I'll never forget.
It wasn't just empathizing
for the spirit.
It was being there with her.
This whole investigation
Was probably
the toughest one we've done.
If anna walked into
the room right now,
The first thing to come out of
my mouth is, "I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that we
as human beings failed you.
I'm sorry that we as people
treated you like an animal
And caged you instead
of doing what was right
And trying to help you.
You deserve better
from us as people,
And you deserve better
from this world and this life."
Hey, ladies.
Hey.
Hi.
I'm dying to know
what happened.
Did you find out anything?
- We actually found out
And got substantial evidence
that this lady in white,
Her name was anna,
And she was
imprisoned in this home
Back when it was
a boarding home.
We were able to communicate
with her and convince her
To find the peace
that she deserves.
You could feel it.
All of us can feel her
Letting go
and finding the light.
Well, we really
appreciate it.
This is gonna be
like a game changer.
I really can't
thank you enough.
Thank you so much.
Thank you guys so much
for coming.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- Restoring the peace.
Thank you, kris.
- I hope so.
- I am so coming back.
- For the reunion.
- Always.
- I will.
- Yes.
- Keep in touch.